SwiftUI View: Built in Capsule shape (#1291)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/capsule/capsule.md

---
Title: 'Capsule'
Description: 'Built-in capsule shape that can be modified as needed.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`Capsule`** is one of SwiftUI pre-built shapes like rectangles, circle, ellipse which can be modified as wanted.

Reviewer: Can we include the links for rectangle, circle, and ellipse?

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    Capsule()

>     // modifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Modifiers here
```

}
```

## Example

The following example makes a red `Capsule` with a continuous style and a dimension of `250` wide x `50` height:

```swift
var body: some View {
    Capsule(style: .continuous)
        .fill(.red)
        .frame(width: 250, height: 50)
}
```

> - `(style: .continuous)` makes the shape look more natural to the eye by giving continuity to the rounded borders.

Reviewer: is `.continuous` the only modifier that can be used?

Also, I'd recommend adding at least one more bullet point to describe the code block.

This will display the following:

> ![Capsule](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/capsule.png)

Reviewer: Can we remove the `list.png` form this PR

Author: Removed! For some reason it appeared in all the new PRs

---
Title: 'Capsule'
Description: 'Built-in capsule shape that can be modified as needed.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`Capsule`** is one of SwiftUI pre-built shapes like [rectangle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/rectangle), rounded rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), ellipse which can be modified as wanted.

Reviewer: a rounded rectangle is what we're going to use to describe what the capsule looks like! Then we can made a second sentence that mentions other pre-built shapes.

Reviewer: See under overview: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/capsule

---
Title: 'Capsule'

> Description: 'Built-in capsule shape that can be modified as needed.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Creates a capsule shape that can be modified as needed.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A capsule shape is equivalent to a rounded rectangle where the corner radius is chosen as half the length of the rectangle’s smallest edge.

Reviewer: Could you try writing this in your own words?

The **`Capsule`** is one of SwiftUI pre-built shapes like [rectangle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/rectangle), rounded rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), ellipse which can be modified as wanted.

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    Capsule()
        // Modifiers here
}
```

## Example

> The following example makes a red `Capsule` with a continuous style and a dimension of `250` wide x `50` height:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a red `Capsule` with a continuous style and a dimension of `250` wide x `50` height:
```

```swift
var body: some View {
    Capsule(style: .continuous)
        .fill(.red)
        .frame(width: 250, height: 50)
}
```

- `(style: .continuous)` makes the shape look more natural to the eye by giving continuity to the rounded borders.

> - `(style: .circular)` is another modifier that can be used, when omitting modifiers from `Capsule` this will be the native one

Reviewer: Can we separate this sentence into two full sentences?

> The code-block above will display a Capsule filled with color red and the frame makes it `250` wide and `50` height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code-block above will display a `Capsule` filled with the color red and set a frame that is `250` points wide and `50` points high.
```

This will display the following:

> ![Capsule](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/capsule.png)

Reviewer: Could we rename to `swiftui-capsule.png` and crop the image?

---
Title: 'Capsule'
Description: 'Creates a capsule shape that can be modified as needed.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A capsule shape is essentially a rounded rectangle with more pronounced corner radius which gets measured by halving the rectangle's smallest side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **Capsule** shape is essentially a rounded rectangle with a more pronounced corner radius which gets measured by halving the rectangle's smallest side.
```

> The **`Capsule`** is one of SwiftUI pre-built shapes like [rectangle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/rectangle), rounded rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), [ellipse](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/ellipse) which can be modified as wanted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Capsule`** is one of SwiftUI pre-built shapes like [rectangle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/rectangle), rounded rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), and [ellipse](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/ellipse) which can be modified as desired.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    Capsule()
        // Modifiers here
}
```

## Example

> The following example creates a red `Capsule` with a continuous style and a dimension of `250` wide x `50` height:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example creates a red `Capsule` with a continuous style and a dimension of `250` width x `50` height:
```
